# Buildsheet autogenerated by ravenadm tool -- Do not edit.

NAMEBASE=		fox
VERSION=		1.6.58
KEYWORDS=		x11_toolkits
VARIANTS=		standard
SDESC[standard]=	Fast, frugal and portable C++ GUI toolkit
HOMEPAGE=		http://fox-toolkit.org/
CONTACT=		Michael_Reim[kraileth@elderlinux.org]

DOWNLOAD_GROUPS=	main
SITES[main]=		http://fox-toolkit.org/ftp/
DISTFILE[1]=		fox-1.6.58.tar.gz:main
DF_INDEX=		1
SPKGS[standard]=	complete
			primary
			dev
			docs

OPTIONS_AVAILABLE=	none
OPTIONS_STANDARD=	none

BUILD_DEPENDS=		bzip2:dev:standard
			libGLU:dev:standard
BUILDRUN_DEPENDS=	bzip2:primary:standard
			libGLU:primary:standard

USES=			freetype jpeg libtool mbsdfix pkgconfig png tiff
			zlib
XORG_COMPONENTS=	x11 xft xrender xext xcursor xrandr xfixes xi

LICENSE=		LGPL21+:primary CUSTOM1:primary
LICENSE_TERMS=		primary:{{WRKDIR}}/TERMS
LICENSE_NAME=		CUSTOM1:"Fox Relinking Exemption"
LICENSE_FILE=		LGPL21+:{{WRKSRC}}/LICENSE
			CUSTOM1:{{WRKSRC}}/LICENSE_ADDENDUM
LICENSE_AWK=		TERMS:"^$$"
LICENSE_SOURCE=		TERMS:{{WRKSRC}}/src/fxpriv.h
LICENSE_SCHEME=		dual

FPC_EQUIVALENT=		x11-toolkits/fox16

MUST_CONFIGURE=		gnu
CONFIGURE_ARGS=		--enable-release

INSTALL_REQ_TOOLCHAIN=	yes
SOVERSION=		0.0.58

CPPFLAGS=		-I{{PREFIX}}/include/freetype2

post-install:
	${STRIP_CMD}	${STAGEDIR}${PREFIX}/lib/*.so

[FILE:1975:descriptions/desc.primary]
FOX is a C++ based Toolkit for developing Graphical User Interfaces easily 
and effectively. It offers a wide, and growing, collection of Controls, 
and provides state of the art facilities such as drag and drop, selection, 
as well as OpenGL widgets for 3D graphical manipulation. FOX also 
implements icons, images, and user-convenience features such as status 
line help, and tooltips. Tooltips may even be used for 3D objects!

Considerable importance has been placed on making FOX one of the fastest 
toolkits around, and to minimize memory use:- FOX uses a number of 
techniques to speed up drawing and spatial layout of the GUI. Memory is 
conserved by allowing programmers to create and destroy GUI elements on 
the fly.

Even though FOX offers a large collection of Controls already, FOX 
leverages C++ to allow programmers to easily build additional Controls and 
GUI elements, simply by taking existing controls, and creating a derived 
class which simply adds or redefines the desired behavior.

One of the prime design goals of FOX is the ease of programming; thus, 
most controls can be created using a single line of C++ code; most 
parameters have sensible default values, so that they may be omitted, and 
layout managers ensure that designers of GUI's do not have to worry about 
precise alignments.

Another nice feature of FOX which significantly reduces the number of 
lines of code which have to be written is FOX's ability to have widgets 
connect to each other, and passing certain commands between them; for 
example, a menu entry Hide Toolbar can be directly connected to the 
Toolbar, and cause it to hide.

Finally, FOX makes it easy to maintain the state of the GUI in an 
application by having the GUI elements automatically updating themselves 
by interrogating the application's state. This feature eliminates the 
large amount of effort that may go into sensitizing, graying out, 
checking/unchecking etc. depending on the application state.


[FILE:96:distinfo]
5a734b84d76d2f8e334e26ff85dd3950d3fedf53057a4d4b19fd4a712c8d5b81      4427107 fox-1.6.58.tar.gz


[FILE:291:manifests/plist.primary]
bin/
 Adie.stx
 PathFinder
 adie
 calculator
 fox-config
 reswrap
 shutterbug
lib/
 libCHART-1.6.so.%%SOMAJOR%%
 libCHART-1.6.so.%%SOVERSION%%
 libFOX-1.6.so.%%SOMAJOR%%
 libFOX-1.6.so.%%SOVERSION%%
share/man/man1/
 PathFinder.1.gz
 adie.1.gz
 calculator.1.gz
 reswrap.1.gz
 shutterbug.1.gz


[FILE:4174:manifests/plist.dev]
include/fox-1.6/
 FX4Splitter.h
 FX7Segment.h
 FX885910Codec.h
 FX885911Codec.h
 FX885913Codec.h
 FX885914Codec.h
 FX885915Codec.h
 FX885916Codec.h
 FX88591Codec.h
 FX88592Codec.h
 FX88593Codec.h
 FX88594Codec.h
 FX88595Codec.h
 FX88596Codec.h
 FX88597Codec.h
 FX88598Codec.h
 FX88599Codec.h
 FXAccelTable.h
 FXApp.h
 FXArray.h
 FXArrowButton.h
 FXBMPIcon.h
 FXBMPImage.h
 FXBZFileStream.h
 FXBitmap.h
 FXBitmapFrame.h
 FXBitmapView.h
 FXButton.h
 FXCP1250Codec.h
 FXCP1251Codec.h
 FXCP1252Codec.h
 FXCP1253Codec.h
 FXCP1254Codec.h
 FXCP1255Codec.h
 FXCP1256Codec.h
 FXCP1257Codec.h
 FXCP1258Codec.h
 FXCP437Codec.h
 FXCP850Codec.h
 FXCP852Codec.h
 FXCP855Codec.h
 FXCP856Codec.h
 FXCP857Codec.h
 FXCP860Codec.h
 FXCP861Codec.h
 FXCP862Codec.h
 FXCP863Codec.h
 FXCP864Codec.h
 FXCP865Codec.h
 FXCP866Codec.h
 FXCP869Codec.h
 FXCP874Codec.h
 FXCURCursor.h
 FXCanvas.h
 FXCheckButton.h
 FXChoiceBox.h
 FXColorBar.h
 FXColorDialog.h
 FXColorList.h
 FXColorRing.h
 FXColorSelector.h
 FXColorWell.h
 FXColorWheel.h
 FXComboBox.h
 FXComposeContext.h
 FXComposite.h
 FXCursor.h
 FXDC.h
 FXDCPrint.h
 FXDCWindow.h
 FXDLL.h
 FXDataTarget.h
 FXDate.h
 FXDebugTarget.h
 FXDelegator.h
 FXDial.h
 FXDialogBox.h
 FXDict.h
 FXDir.h
 FXDirBox.h
 FXDirDialog.h
 FXDirList.h
 FXDirSelector.h
 FXDockBar.h
 FXDockHandler.h
 FXDockSite.h
 FXDockTitle.h
 FXDocument.h
 FXDragCorner.h
 FXDrawable.h
 FXDriveBox.h
 FXElement.h
 FXException.h
 FXExpression.h
 FXExtentd.h
 FXExtentf.h
 FXFile.h
 FXFileDialog.h
 FXFileDict.h
 FXFileList.h
 FXFileSelector.h
 FXFileStream.h
 FXFoldingList.h
 FXFont.h
 FXFontDialog.h
 FXFontSelector.h
 FXFrame.h
 FXGIFCursor.h
 FXGIFIcon.h
 FXGIFImage.h
 FXGLCanvas.h
 FXGLCone.h
 FXGLContext.h
 FXGLCube.h
 FXGLCylinder.h
 FXGLObject.h
 FXGLShape.h
 FXGLSphere.h
 FXGLTriangleMesh.h
 FXGLViewer.h
 FXGLVisual.h
 FXGUISignal.h
 FXGZFileStream.h
 FXGradientBar.h
 FXGroupBox.h
 FXHash.h
 FXHeader.h
 FXHorizontalFrame.h
 FXICOIcon.h
 FXICOImage.h
 FXIFFIcon.h
 FXIFFImage.h
 FXIO.h
 FXIcon.h
 FXIconDict.h
 FXIconList.h
 FXIconSource.h
 FXId.h
 FXImage.h
 FXImageFrame.h
 FXImageView.h
 FXInputDialog.h
 FXJPGIcon.h
 FXJPGImage.h
 FXKOI8RCodec.h
 FXKnob.h
 FXLabel.h
 FXList.h
 FXListBox.h
 FXMDIButton.h
 FXMDIChild.h
 FXMDIClient.h
 FXMainWindow.h
 FXMat3d.h
 FXMat3f.h
 FXMat4d.h
 FXMat4f.h
 FXMatrix.h
 FXMemMap.h
 FXMemoryStream.h
 FXMenuBar.h
 FXMenuButton.h
 FXMenuCaption.h
 FXMenuCascade.h
 FXMenuCheck.h
 FXMenuCommand.h
 FXMenuPane.h
 FXMenuRadio.h
 FXMenuSeparator.h
 FXMenuTitle.h
 FXMessageBox.h
 FXObject.h
 FXObjectList.h
 FXOptionMenu.h
 FXPCXIcon.h
 FXPCXImage.h
 FXPNGIcon.h
 FXPNGImage.h
 FXPPMIcon.h
 FXPPMImage.h
 FXPacker.h
 FXPath.h
 FXPicker.h
 FXPipe.h
 FXPoint.h
 FXPopup.h
 FXPrintDialog.h
 FXProgressBar.h
 FXProgressDialog.h
 FXQuatd.h
 FXQuatf.h
 FXRASIcon.h
 FXRASImage.h
 FXRGBIcon.h
 FXRGBImage.h
 FXRadioButton.h
 FXRanged.h
 FXRangef.h
 FXRealSlider.h
 FXRealSpinner.h
 FXRecentFiles.h
 FXRectangle.h
 FXRegion.h
 FXRegistry.h
 FXReplaceDialog.h
 FXRex.h
 FXRootWindow.h
 FXRuler.h
 FXRulerView.h
 FXScrollArea.h
 FXScrollBar.h
 FXScrollPane.h
 FXScrollWindow.h
 FXSearchDialog.h
 FXSeparator.h
 FXSettings.h
 FXShell.h
 FXShutter.h
 FXSize.h
 FXSlider.h
 FXSocket.h
 FXSphered.h
 FXSpheref.h
 FXSpinner.h
 FXSplashWindow.h
 FXSplitter.h
 FXSpring.h
 FXStat.h
 FXStatusBar.h
 FXStatusLine.h
 FXStream.h
 FXString.h
 FXStringDict.h
 FXSwitcher.h
 FXSystem.h
 FXTGAIcon.h
 FXTGAImage.h
 FXTIFIcon.h
 FXTIFImage.h
 FXTabBar.h
 FXTabBook.h
 FXTabItem.h
 FXTable.h
 FXText.h
 FXTextCodec.h
 FXTextField.h
 FXThread.h
 FXToggleButton.h
 FXToolBar.h
 FXToolBarGrip.h
 FXToolBarShell.h
 FXToolBarTab.h
 FXToolTip.h
 FXTopWindow.h
 FXTranslator.h
 FXTreeList.h
 FXTreeListBox.h
 FXTriStateButton.h
 FXURL.h
 FXUTF16Codec.h
 FXUTF32Codec.h
 FXUTF8Codec.h
 FXUndoList.h
 FXVec2d.h
 FXVec2f.h
 FXVec3d.h
 FXVec3f.h
 FXVec4d.h
 FXVec4f.h
 FXVerticalFrame.h
 FXVisual.h
 FXWindow.h
 FXWizard.h
 FXXBMIcon.h
 FXXBMImage.h
 FXXPMIcon.h
 FXXPMImage.h
 fx.h
 fx3d.h
 fxascii.h
 fxdefs.h
 fxkeys.h
 fxunicode.h
 fxver.h
 xincs.h
include/fox-1.6/chart/FXChart.h
lib/
 libCHART-1.6.a
 libCHART-1.6.so
 libFOX-1.6.a
 libFOX-1.6.so
lib/pkgconfig/fox.pc


[FILE:2250:manifests/plist.docs]
share/doc/fox-1.6/html/
 adie.html
 app.html
 calc.html
 clipboard.html
 consulting.html
 datatarget.html
 doc.html
 download.html
 doxygen.cfg
 draganddrop.html
 faq.html
 filefuncs.html
 filter.pl
 focus.html
 fonts.html
 footer.html
 foreword.html
 fox.html
 goals.html
 gpgkey.html
 guiupdate.html
 header.html
 home.html
 icons.html
 install.html
 introduction.html
 layout.html
 license.html
 menu.css
 menu.html
 messages.html
 news.html
 news1.html
 news2.html
 news3.html
 page.css
 pathfinder.html
 projects.html
 references.html
 registry.html
 rex.html
 screenshots.html
 serialization.html
 styles.css
 timers.html
 top.html
 widgets.html
 win32.html
 window.html
 xml.html
share/doc/fox-1.6/html/art/
 bigpenguin.png
 fifthplanet.jpg
 fox.gif
 foxlogo.jpg
 foxlogo.png
 foxlogo_small.jpg
 foxstart.png
 freespeach.gif
 ill.gif
 ilr.gif
 innernerd.gif
 iul.gif
 iur.gif
 layout.gif
 line.gif
 mouse.gif
 nerd_inside.gif
 oll.gif
 olr.gif
 opengl_logo.png
 oul.gif
 oul_grey.gif
 our.gif
 progress.png
 scribble.png
 sgitextedit.png
 slingerzbutton1.gif
 widget.jpg
 win32-libraries.png
 win32-linkoutput.png
 win32-postbuild.png
 win32-preprocessor.png
 win32-project.png
 win32-tooloptions.png
 wintextedit.png
share/doc/fox-1.6/html/screenshots/
 SbSScreen1.jpg
 SbSScreen1_small.jpg
 adie.gif
 adie_colors.gif
 adie_edit.gif
 adie_font.gif
 adie_sty.gif
 analysisview.png
 aqx_linux_visualizacao_peq.jpg
 arithmedrill-screenshot.png
 arithmedrill-screenshot_small.png
 boskalisday.gif
 boskalisnite.gif
 clview_icon.gif
 colordialog.png
 cometassay.jpg
 contact.gif
 dirdialog.png
 dlgedit1.png
 dlgedit2.png
 emso_screen.png
 emso_screen_small.jpg
 filedialog.png
 fontdialog.png
 foxcalc.jpg
 foxcalc_prefdialog_01_small.jpg
 foxcalc_prefdialog_02_small.jpg
 foxcalc_prefdialog_03_small.jpg
 glview.png
 goggles.png
 iims1.png
 iims1_small.png
 iims2.png
 iims2_small.png
 iims3.png
 iims3_small.png
 imagedebugger.gif
 pathfinder.png
 pdiary.jpg
 printdialog.png
 replacedialog.png
 rezound_thumb.gif
 scenegraphnavigator.gif
 scriptolutions.gif
 searchdialog.png
 table.png
 tmp_vision_snap.jpg
 tux_small.jpg
 udine_physics.jpg
 vorhour1.jpg
 vorhour1_small.jpg
 vorhour2.jpg
 vorhour2_small.jpg
 xfe.png
 xfe_small.png
 xtc.gif

