# Buildsheet autogenerated by ravenadm tool -- Do not edit.

NAMEBASE=		R-collapse
VERSION=		1.7.6
KEYWORDS=		cran
VARIANTS=		standard
SDESC[standard]=	Advanced and Fast Data Transformation
HOMEPAGE=		https://sebkrantz.github.io/collapse/
CONTACT=		CRAN_Automaton[cran@ironwolf.systems]

DOWNLOAD_GROUPS=	main
SITES[main]=		CRAN/src/contrib
DISTFILE[1]=		collapse_1.7.6.tar.gz:main
DIST_SUBDIR=		CRAN
DF_INDEX=		1
SPKGS[standard]=	single

OPTIONS_AVAILABLE=	none
OPTIONS_STANDARD=	none

BUILDRUN_DEPENDS=	R-Rcpp:single:standard

USES=			cran gmake

DISTNAME=		collapse

GENERATED=		yes

INSTALL_REQ_TOOLCHAIN=	yes

[FILE:2016:descriptions/desc.single]
collapse: Advanced and Fast Data Transformation

A C/C++ based package for advanced data transformation and statistical
computing in R that is extremely fast, flexible and parsimonious to code
with, class-agnostic and programmer friendly. It is well integrated with
base R, 'dplyr' / (grouped) 'tibble', 'data.table', 'plm' (panel-series and
data frames), 'sf' data frames, and non-destructively handles other matrix
or data frame based classes (such as 'ts', 'xts' / 'zoo', 'timeSeries',
'tsibble', 'tibbletime' etc.) &mdash; Key Features: &mdash; (1) Advanced
statistical programming: A full set of fast statistical functions
supporting grouped and weighted computations on vectors, matrices and data
frames. Fast and programmable grouping, ordering, unique values / rows,
factor generation and interactions. Fast and flexible functions for data
manipulation, data object conversions, and memory efficient R programming.
(2) Advanced aggregation: Fast and easy multi-data-type, multi-function,
weighted, parallelized and fully custom data aggregation. (3) Advanced
transformations: Fast row / column arithmetic, (grouped) replacing and
sweeping out of statistics, (grouped, weighted) scaling / standardizing,
between (averaging) and (quasi-)within (demeaning) transformations,
higher-dimensional centering (i.e. multiple fixed effects or polynomials),
linear prediction, model fitting and testing exclusion restrictions. (4)
Advanced time-computations: Fast (sequences of) lags / leads, and (lagged /
leaded, iterated, quasi-, log-) differences and (compounded) growth rates
on (irregular) time series and panel data. Multivariate auto-, partial- and
cross-correlation functions for panel data. Panel data to (ts-)array
conversions. (5) List processing: (Recursive) list search, splitting,
extraction / subsetting, data-apply, and generalized recursive row-binding
/ unlisting in 2D. (6) Advanced data exploration: Fast (grouped, weighted,
panel-decomposed) summary statistics for complex multilevel / panel data.


[FILE:105:distinfo]
bccf3e984b669299440f9e0f2a7c8cd297aee141041b6834e532543b7c6ddd43      1125819 CRAN/collapse_1.7.6.tar.gz

