# Buildsheet autogenerated by ravenadm tool -- Do not edit.

NAMEBASE=		R-gtools
VERSION=		3.8.2
KEYWORDS=		cran
VARIANTS=		standard
SDESC[standard]=	Various R Programming Tools
HOMEPAGE=		https://github.com/r-gregmisc/gtools
CONTACT=		CRAN_Automaton[cran@ironwolf.systems]

DOWNLOAD_GROUPS=	main
SITES[main]=		CRAN/src/contrib
DISTFILE[1]=		gtools_3.8.2.tar.gz:main
DIST_SUBDIR=		CRAN
DF_INDEX=		1
SPKGS[standard]=	single

OPTIONS_AVAILABLE=	none
OPTIONS_STANDARD=	none

USES=			cran gmake

DISTNAME=		gtools

GENERATED=		yes

INSTALL_REQ_TOOLCHAIN=	yes

[FILE:1517:descriptions/desc.single]
gtools: Various R Programming Tools

Functions to assist in R programming, including: - assist in developing,
updating, and maintaining R and R packages ('ask', 'checkRVersion',
'getDependencies', 'keywords', 'scat'), - calculate the logit and inverse
logit transformations ('logit', 'inv.logit'), - test if a value is missing,
empty or contains only NA and NULL values ('invalid'), - manipulate R's
.Last function ('addLast'), - define macros ('defmacro'), - detect odd and
even integers ('odd', 'even'), - convert strings containing non-ASCII
characters (like single quotes) to plain ASCII ('ASCIIfy'), - perform a
binary search ('binsearch'), - sort strings containing both numeric and
character components ('mixedsort'), - create a factor variable from the
quantiles of a continuous variable ('quantcut'), - enumerate permutations
and combinations ('combinations', 'permutation'), - calculate and convert
between fold-change and log-ratio ('foldchange', 'logratio2foldchange',
'foldchange2logratio'), - calculate probabilities and generate random
numbers from Dirichlet distributions ('rdirichlet', 'ddirichlet'), - apply
a function over adjacent subsets of a vector ('running'), - modify the
TCP\_NODELAY ('de-Nagle') flag for socket objects, - efficient 'rbind' of
data frames, even if the column names don't match ('smartbind'), - generate
significance stars from p-values ('stars.pval'), - convert characters
to/from ASCII codes ('asc', 'chr'), - convert character vector to ASCII
representation ('ASCIIfy').


[FILE:103:distinfo]
503ba60a41f3c61b8129c25de62c74dab29761d2e661d4addd106e2e02f1dcde       197529 CRAN/gtools_3.8.2.tar.gz

