# Buildsheet autogenerated by ravenadm tool -- Do not edit.

NAMEBASE=		mate-terminal
VERSION=		1.28.1
REVISION=		1
KEYWORDS=		x11
VARIANTS=		std
SDESC[std]=		Terminal emulator for MATE
HOMEPAGE=		https://mate-desktop.org/
CONTACT=		Michael_Reim[kraileth@elderlinux.org]

DOWNLOAD_GROUPS=	main
SITES[main]=		https://pub.mate-desktop.org/releases/1.28/
DISTFILE[1]=		mate-terminal-1.28.1.tar.xz:main
DIST_SUBDIR=		mate
DF_INDEX=		1
SPKGS[std]=		set
			primary
			man
			nls

OPTIONS_AVAILABLE=	none
OPTIONS_STANDARD=	none

BUILD_DEPENDS=		dconf:dev:std
			appstream-glib:dev:std
			itstool:single:std
			vte:dev:std
BUILDRUN_DEPENDS=	dconf:primary:std
			vte:primary:std

USES=			gmake pkgconfig shebangfix schemas:primary
GNOME_COMPONENTS=	glib gtk3
XORG_COMPONENTS=	x11 sm

LICENSE=		GPLv3+:primary LGPL3+:primary
LICENSE_TERMS=		primary:{{WRKDIR}}/TERMS
LICENSE_FILE=		GPLv3+:{{WRKSRC}}/COPYING
			LGPL3+:stock
LICENSE_SCHEME=		multi

FPC_EQUIVALENT=		x11/mate-terminal
GLIB_SCHEMAS=		org.mate.terminal.gschema.xml
SHEBANG_FILES=		mate-terminal.wrapper

MUST_CONFIGURE=		gnu

post-extract:
	${ECHO} "Terms extracted from 'src/terminal.c':" > ${WRKDIR}/TERMS
	${SED} -n '/include/!p;//q' ${WRKSRC}/src/terminal.c >> ${WRKDIR}/TERMS
	${ECHO} "Terms extracted from 'src/terminal-util.h':" >> ${WRKDIR}/TERMS
	${SED} -n '/ifndef/!p;//q' ${WRKSRC}/src/terminal-util.h >> ${WRKDIR}/TERMS

[FILE:48:descriptions/desc.primary]
Default terminal emulator for the MATE Desktop.


[FILE:111:distinfo]
f135eb1a9e2ae22798ecb2dc1914fdb4cfd774e6bb65c0152be37cc6c9469e92      2143744 mate/mate-terminal-1.28.1.tar.xz


[FILE:84187:manifests/plist.primary]
bin/
 mate-terminal
 mate-terminal.wrapper
share/applications/mate-terminal.desktop
share/help/C/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/C/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/af/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/af/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/am/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/am/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ar/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ar/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/as/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/as/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ast/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ast/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/az/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/az/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/be/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/be/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/bg/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/bg/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/bn/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/bn/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/bn_IN/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/bn_IN/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/br/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/br/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/bs/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/bs/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ca/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ca/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ca@valencia/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ca@valencia/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/cmn/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/cmn/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/crh/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/crh/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/cs/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/cs/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/cy/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/cy/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/da/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/da/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/de/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/de/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/dz/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/dz/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/el/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/el/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/en_AU/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/en_AU/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/en_CA/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/en_CA/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/en_GB/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/en_GB/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/eo/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/eo/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/es/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/es/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/es_AR/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/es_AR/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/es_CL/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/es_CL/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/es_CO/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/es_CO/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/es_ES/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/es_ES/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/es_MX/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/es_MX/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/es_PR/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/es_PR/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/et/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/et/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/eu/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/eu/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/fa/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/fa/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/fi/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/fi/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/fr/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/fr/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/fur/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/fur/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/fy/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/fy/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ga/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ga/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/gl/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/gl/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/gu/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/gu/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ha/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ha/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/he/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/he/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/hi/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/hi/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/hr/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/hr/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/hu/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/hu/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/hy/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/hy/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/id/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/id/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ie/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ie/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ig/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ig/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/is/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/is/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/it/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/it/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ja/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ja/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ka/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ka/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/kab/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/kab/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/kk/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/kk/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/kn/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/kn/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ko/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ko/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ku/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ku/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ku_IQ/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ku_IQ/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ky/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ky/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/la/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/la/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/lt/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/lt/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/lv/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/lv/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/mai/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/mai/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/mg/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/mg/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/mk/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/mk/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ml/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ml/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/mn/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/mn/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/mr/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/mr/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ms/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ms/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/nb/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/nb/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/nds/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/nds/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ne/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ne/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/nl/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/nl/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/nn/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/nn/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/oc/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/oc/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/or/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/or/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/pa/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/pa/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/pl/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/pl/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ps/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ps/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/pt/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/pt/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/pt_BR/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/pt_BR/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ro/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ro/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ru/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ru/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/si/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/si/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/sk/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/sk/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/sl/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/sl/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/sq/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/sq/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/sr/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/sr/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/sr@latin/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/sr@latin/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/sv/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/sv/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ta/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ta/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/te/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/te/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/th/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/th/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/tr/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/tr/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ug/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ug/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/uk/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/uk/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/ur/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/ur/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/uz/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/uz/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/vi/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/vi/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/wa/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/wa/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/xh/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/xh/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/yo/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/yo/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/zh_CN/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/zh_CN/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/zh_HK/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/zh_HK/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/help/zh_TW/mate-terminal/
 index.page
 legal.xml
 mate-terminal-contents.page
 mate-terminal-encoding.page
 mate-terminal-first-start.page
 mate-terminal-introduction.page
 mate-terminal-manage-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-more-windows.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-colors.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-compatibility.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-effects.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-general.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-scrolling.page
 mate-terminal-prefs-title.page
 mate-terminal-profiles.page
 mate-terminal-reset.page
 mate-terminal-resize.page
 mate-terminal-shortcuts.page
 mate-terminal-tabs.page
 mate-terminal-title.page
 mate-terminal-to-start.page
 mate-terminal-windows.page
share/help/zh_TW/mate-terminal/figures/
 mate-terminal-default.png
 mate-terminal-tabbed.png
share/metainfo/mate-terminal.appdata.xml


[FILE:31:manifests/plist.man]
share/man/man1/mate-terminal.1


[FILE:5699:manifests/plist.nls]
share/locale/af/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/am/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/as/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ast/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/az/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/be/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/bn/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/bn_IN/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/cmn/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/crh/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/cy/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/dz/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/es_AR/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/es_CL/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/es_CO/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/es_ES/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/es_MX/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/es_PR/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/fr_CA/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/frp/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/fur/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/fy/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ha/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/hy/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ia/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ie/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ig/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/jv/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/kab/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/kn/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ks/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ku/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ku_IQ/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ky/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/la/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/li/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/mai/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/mg/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/mi/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ml/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/mn/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/nds/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/nqo/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/nso/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/or/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/pms/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ps/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/sc/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/si/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/sq/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/sr@latin/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/tk/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/tt/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ug/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/ur/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/uz/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/wa/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/xh/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/yi/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/yo/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo
share/locale/zu/LC_MESSAGES/mate-terminal.mo

