# Buildsheet autogenerated by ravenadm tool -- Do not edit.

NAMEBASE=		R-RcppArmadillo
VERSION=		15.0.2-2
KEYWORDS=		cran
VARIANTS=		std
SDESC[std]=		Interface to Armadillo linear algebra library
HOMEPAGE=		https://github.com/RcppCore/RcppArmadillo
CONTACT=		CRAN_Automaton[cran@ironwolf.systems]

DOWNLOAD_GROUPS=	main
SITES[main]=		CRAN/src/contrib
			https://loki.dragonflybsd.org/cranfiles/
DISTFILE[1]=		RcppArmadillo_15.0.2-2.tar.gz:main
DIST_SUBDIR=		CRAN
DF_INDEX=		1
SPKGS[std]=		single

OPTIONS_AVAILABLE=	none
OPTIONS_STANDARD=	none

BUILDRUN_DEPENDS=	R-Rcpp:single:std

USES=			cran gmake

DISTNAME=		RcppArmadillo

GENERATED=		yes

INSTALL_REQ_TOOLCHAIN=	yes

[FILE:1915:descriptions/desc.single]
RcppArmadillo: 'Rcpp' Integration for the 'Armadillo' Templated Linear
AlgebraLibrary

'Armadillo' is a templated C++ linear algebra library aiming towards a good
balance between speed and ease of use. It provides high-level syntax and
functionality deliberately similar to Matlab. It is useful for algorithm
development directly in C++, or quick conversion of research code into
production environments. It provides efficient classes for vectors,
matrices and cubes where dense and sparse matrices are supported. Integer,
floating point and complex numbers are supported. A sophisticated
expression evaluator (based on template meta-programming) automatically
combines several operations to increase speed and efficiency. Dynamic
evaluation automatically chooses optimal code paths based on detected
matrix structures. Matrix decompositions are provided through integration
with LAPACK, or one of its high performance drop-in replacements (such as
'MKL' or 'OpenBLAS'). It can automatically use 'OpenMP' multi-threading
(parallelisation) to speed up computationally expensive operations. The
'RcppArmadillo' package includes the header files from the 'Armadillo'
library; users do not need to install 'Armadillo' itself in order to use
'RcppArmadillo'. Starting from release 15.0.0, the minimum compilation
standard is C++14 so 'Armadillo' version 14.6.3 is included as a fallback
when an R package forces the C++11 standard. Package authors should set a
'#define' to select the 'current' version, or select the 'legacy' version
(also chosen as default) if they must. See 'GitHub issue #475' for details.
Since release 7.800.0, 'Armadillo' is licensed under Apache License 2;
previous releases were under licensed as MPL 2.0 from version 3.800.0
onwards and LGPL-3 prior to that; 'RcppArmadillo' (the 'Rcpp'
bindings/bridge to Armadillo) is licensed under the GNU GPL version 2 or
later, as is the rest of 'Rcpp'.


[FILE:113:distinfo]
f8895e85d70ddeabb1d4ec7567f81ed6fd95f9e8715d0791afd07c8382315f4e      2118381 CRAN/RcppArmadillo_15.0.2-2.tar.gz

